# Import Videos Features
In this section, the backup and restore workflow can be configured as well as the options for the import of videos into a course.

* **Allow video import:** If enabled, teachers can import existing video files from other Moodle courses to their Moodle course. Defaults to yes.

There are two modes for importing videos (see the setting *Import mode*):
* **Duplicating Events:** A new series is created during the import and all events are duplicated. By default, Opencast does not support this feature. Thus two additional workflows need to be configured. One workflow to duplicate an event in Opencast and another workflow to publish this duplicate.
  With the default Opencast workflows the [example workflows](backup_restore_workflows.md) can be used.
* **ACL Change:** The existing series will be connected with the target course, so that all events are shared between the courses. This avoids duplicated series, but changes are always reflected in both courses.

* **Workflow for duplicating events:** This workflow is needed, for importing Opencast events from one course into another, when *Duplicating Events* for the setting *Import mode* is selected. If not set, it is not possible, to import Opencast events.

If a valid duplication workflow is selected, the following configurations are available:
* **Allow video import within Moodle core course import wizard:** If enabled, teachers can import existing video files from other Moodle courses to their Moodle course by using the Moodle core course import wizard. Within the wizard, there is an additional option shown to import the videos which have been uploaded within the Opencast block in the other course. Using this feature, the teacher can import all videos from another course as bulk, but he cannot select individual videos.
  If *Duplicating Events* is selected as the *Import mode*, then the videos are duplicated in Opencast by an ad-hoc task in Moodle and will show up in the course's video list with a short delay.
  In case of *ACL Change* selected as *Import mode*, the *seriesid* of the course being imported is used, but the ACL of the series and its videos will be changed, in order to grant access within the new course. Defaults to yes.
* **Default value for opencast import videos' checkbox:** Defines the default value for the checkbox, to include Opencast videos in Moodle core import wizard, which at the end will be used, to include or not to include videos. This option is meant to help teachers, who prefer to use "Jump to final step" button and skip the Moodle core import wizard steps. Defaults to *Unchecked*.
* **Allow manual video import:** If enabled, teachers can import existing video files from other Moodle courses to their Moodle course by using a dedicated Opencast video import wizard. This feature is offered on the Opencast block overview page. In *Duplicating Events* import mode, the teacher can import all or a subset of videos from another course as bulk.
  In *ACL Change* import mode, the *seriesid* of the target course will be used in the new course. Additionally, the ACLs of the series itself and all of its videos will be changed, in order to grant access to them within the new course.
  Unlike in *Duplicating Events* mode, there is no manual selection of videos available within the provided wizard.
  Please note, that there are corresponding capabilities *block/opencast:manualimporttarget* and *block/opencast:manualimportsource* for this feature, which control, who can import which courses to which courses. By default, managers and editing teachers have this capability and can use the feature as soon as it is enabled here.
  The videos, which are selected within the import wizard, are duplicated in Opencast by an ad-hoc task in Moodle and will show up in the course's video list with a short delay. Defaults to no.
* **Handle Opencast series modules during manual video import:** If enabled, teachers can handle Opencast series modules, which were created with the "Add LTI series module" feature and which relate to the videos which are imported. This especially cleans up modules, which have been imported from one course to another course, but which still link to the course series of the old course. The series module is instantly handled after the import wizard is finished. Defaults to no.
* **Handle Opencast episode modules during manual video import:** If enabled, teachers can handle Opencast episode modules, which were created with the "Add LTI episode module" feature and which relate to the videos which are imported. This especially cleans up modules, which have been imported from one course to another course, but which still link to videos in the old course. The episode modules are handled by an ad-hoc task in Moodle and will be fixed in the course with a short delay.
  Please note, that this mechanism relies on the fact, that the *Opencast Duplication* workflow sets a workflow instance configuration field *'duplicate_media_package_1_id'* which contains the episode ID of the duplicated episode. If the workflow does not set this configuration field, this feature will always fail. Defaults to no.